Introduction and enhancement of the data validation section (#310)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/sdk/js/6/core-classes/kuzzle/properties/index.md

| `autoResubscribe` | <pre>boolean</pre> | If `true`, automatically renews all subscriptions on a `reconnected` event |
| `jwt` | <pre>string</pre> | Authentication token |
| `offlineQueueLoader` | <pre>function</pre> | Called before dequeuing requests after exiting offline mode, to add items at the beginning of the offline queue  |
| `queueFilter` | <pre>function</pre> | Custom function called during offline mode to filter queued requests on-the-fly |
| `queueMaxSize` | <pre>number</pre>  | Number of maximum requests kept during offline mode|
| `queueTTL` | <pre>number</pre>  | Time a queued request is kept during offline mode, in milliseconds |
| `replayInterval` | <pre>number</pre>  | Delay between each replayed requests |
| `volatile` | <pre>object</pre> | Common volatile data, will be sent to all future requests |

### offlineQueueLoader

The `offlineQueueLoader` property must be set with a function of one of the following formats:

```js
Object[] offlineQueueLoader()

Promise<Object[]> offlineQueueLoader()
```

The returned (or resolved) array must contain objects, each with the following properties:

| Property | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | `query` | <pre>object</pre> | Object representing the request that is about to be sent to Kuzzle, following the [Kuzzle API]({{ site_base_path }}api/1/essentials/query-syntax) format |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query` | <pre>object</pre> | Object representing the request that is about to be sent to Kuzzle, following the [Kuzzle API](/core/1/api/essentials/query-syntax) format |
```

| `reject` | <pre>function</pre> | A [Promise.reject](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/reject) function |
| `resolve` | <pre>function</pre> | A [Promise.resolve](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise/resolve) function |

### queueFilter

The `queueFilter` property must be set with a function of the following form:

```js
boolean queueFilter(request)
```

> The `request` argument is an object representing the request that is about to be sent to Kuzzle, following the [Kuzzle API]({{ site_base_path }}api/1/essentials/query-syntax) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `request` argument is an object representing the request that is about to be sent to Kuzzle, following the [Kuzzle API](/core/1/api/essentials/query-syntax) format.
```
